Adrian Chavez: Hello.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How are you
Adrian Chavez: Good. I was, I had forgot it was at five o'clock. I thought it was a mix.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oh,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We're still good. Thank you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Still made it. Yeah.
Adrian Chavez: But can you give me just one minute because I had, I was my company was
Adrian Chavez: I was a little bit late. Sorry.
Adrian Chavez: Go ahead.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You're on mute.
Adrian Chavez: Okay.
Adrian Chavez: All right.
Adrian Chavez: I'm ready. Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So how's the program England for you.
Adrian Chavez: Good. I'm just getting used to seeing the way she told me to.
Adrian Chavez: Never used to dose like that, but
Adrian Chavez: It's working.
Adrian Chavez: Yeah.
Adrian Chavez: I just
Adrian Chavez: Been having a hard time they
Adrian Chavez: Stress, I guess. I don't know if it's stress.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What's been going on.
Adrian Chavez: Just with a lot of stuff going on with the court and
Adrian Chavez: Sky having I've messed it up and money and all this stuff to buy to work. I can't even find a job. Now I am working two days a week.
Adrian Chavez: Fields are coming up.
Adrian Chavez: Arguments
Adrian Chavez: And life. I guess that's what it is on
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, definitely. What, what it is, but life has its ups and downs. So, and all of those are very accurate stressors legal issues relationship issues finances.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And that's just what's going on with your life. And then you have everything that's going on, you know, right now with Corona and anxiety. It's a lot, it's a lot to take on. So what do you want to, what do you want to talk about first
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The finances.
Adrian Chavez: The relationship. No, I already know what I have to do. I just
Adrian Chavez: I was just having a hard time getting
Motivated
Adrian Chavez: Yesterday, and they had no motivation and
Adrian Chavez: Hopefully tomorrow.
Adrian Chavez: I need to go pick up my script to. So yeah, I get a chance to get it so
Adrian Chavez: Maybe that's what it is. I haven't took in my my script this today at all is to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Definitely seen down, see different from in group.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So let's talk about it. That's, that's what I'm here for. To help give you some of the skills to help you work through those stressors. He said, you know, she have to do with it. What is it that you have to do.
Adrian Chavez: Well, it's just, it's also like going through the same stuff in the same girl all that same stuff over against
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Anyone phase is over. Hmm.
Adrian Chavez: And yeah, that was over. I didn't last very long. I guess yeah I think every month. I guess every month. It was missing stuff.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What what happened with her.
Adrian Chavez: I just fighting about money, but then
Adrian Chavez: She goes, and gives like
Adrian Chavez: That we met up to her ex boyfriend, the RD in town, and she went and gave him $100 but she's crying.
Adrian Chavez: Because I even spent $15 to fix the toilet like she's
Adrian Chavez: A big fight.
Adrian Chavez: I think I do a lot. Yeah, she did it. She actually she helps a lot. She does a lot for me but
Adrian Chavez: It's just a feeling like I don't, I'm not with it. I don't feel like shit I
Adrian Chavez: feel pretty good. I usually mostly it's pretty good. But there's always that week or the month.
Adrian Chavez: She's, she's left to works.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What are you thinking about things like you're thinking about some decisions, you want to make about your relationship.
Adrian Chavez: Yeah, but I don't really have no just using well I do, I love, I love everything I add in Espanol I just asked. I left everything
Adrian Chavez: And everything that was
Adrian Chavez: Started a year again.
Adrian Chavez: I even if I was on probation. I left off.
Adrian Chavez: So I gotta go back and face of that to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You how far is that from where you are.
Adrian Chavez: Three and a half hours.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, getting mixed everything's kind of far away. I'm in Florida. So Jonah, but it also again.
Adrian Chavez: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So I remember
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The first time we met there were a lot of things that would concern me about that relationship.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: She said she's the hydra medication.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm talk bad. It was really challenging yourself esteem, you couldn't really even get through a full session without just talking about how much stress you had a relationship with her.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That was when we were in the program. And then when you came back. It was different.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You said that you guys were working well together. And actually, what changed the really identify what it was. So do you feel the relationship is going back to what it was when we first met, or do you think this is just a little bump in the road.
Adrian Chavez: I think it's just a little bump in the road.
Adrian Chavez: That every, every month.
Adrian Chavez: Same thing.
Adrian Chavez: It's hard because she has her son to is, that's your to with us and he sees all this and
Adrian Chavez: He
Adrian Chavez: Like human or they don't even like talk like human or non Jesus in his room. Once she gets on it goes to the zoo.
Adrian Chavez: And then when she leaves. He comes on sees it mean that people will go outside of basketball or something lunch she comes, you got events to Israel. I don't know.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What do you think that means about the relationship between them.
Adrian Chavez: What's going on, she doesn't pay attention to him is
Adrian Chavez: He just says she's a bitch.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Do you feel that way about her.
Adrian Chavez: Most the time no and stuff. Like I said just the week of the month.
Adrian Chavez: We are good. This whole I've been back already two months. And we've only thought maybe one time before this.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, after the disagreement. You guys resolve anything. Are you still not speaking
Adrian Chavez: No, I try, I try it. But she's just she wants to walk out the door.
Adrian Chavez: Manage I could actually three or four times shadow makeup and when she leaves off back just to say something like, or you don't really have an appointment, you don't really have
Adrian Chavez: You don't really need your script alert sure that that
Adrian Chavez: I couldn't even for my students this morning persons last night. That's my standard to Walgreens cycle. Get it last night didn't have right
Adrian Chavez: And not yeah still
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'll see you need a ride to get your prescription
Adrian Chavez: Yeah, she's at the car. I don't have a driver's license.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So we see you try to make up what does that look like, how do you try to make up
Adrian Chavez: No, I'll go up to and I'll tell you I'm sorry but I don't even know why I'm saying, I'm sorry, but she's the one that matter for me spending $15 on something for the house.
Adrian Chavez: And she's giving her scores from winning behind my back.
Adrian Chavez: Yeah, that wasn't even I wasn't even caring about any recruiters even running but then when I spent the money that we had a little bit to be saved, a little bit. I spent that on she's all $15 misty guys oh yeah I went and bought this
Adrian Chavez: Shirt it I bought it sounds like
Adrian Chavez: Oh,
Adrian Chavez: Sorry. So that's where I started.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm seeing what what happened now so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How come she doesn't believe that you need to get your prescription
Adrian Chavez: I don't know. And I need her ID to take it out cuz
Adrian Chavez: Cuz I guess some narcotic whatever
Adrian Chavez: And then tell she's ready. After we on her.
Adrian Chavez: I'll be able to get to have my ID.
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So,
Adrian Chavez: whenever she's ready to be midnight for it, but
Adrian Chavez: She just says is hard to deal with, especially at this time.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: This time you say the one we got a month you talking about period.
Adrian Chavez: Yeah, that's
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Why you had to make me say what can you to say.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay. All right. So you think this is like hormonal and it's that time of the month.
Yeah.
Adrian Chavez: And I sent it before she does.
Adrian Chavez: She does.
Adrian Chavez: Already know but hopefully we'll get over it as
Adrian Chavez: We do have not invested in this relationship.
Adrian Chavez: I do
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What I'm investments in this
Adrian Chavez: Well, we have a house together, we have
Adrian Chavez: Our fields together, we have
Adrian Chavez: That's just kind of seems like everything's Herzog's everything's under her name, but
Adrian Chavez: I'm fine with it though, as long as I have. I just didn't nine and a half years of business. So I'm going to have a roof over my head and
Adrian Chavez: Adam
Adrian Chavez: Who knows, I might even be going back, cuz I think Justin charges last year and I left the town.
Adrian Chavez: So,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I see your anxiety, you know, you're playing with the little thing you're, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: This is the time will be a walk, walk through it and develop some skills to help with that anxiety because these are real life stressors, the legal issues, the relationship challenges.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The good thing that should cut the pattern in the relationship that you know when it's that time of the month, she gets a little more irritable.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And so you're you're aware of that. And so then it's how do I navigate when I already see the signs that she's a little irritated. How do we still communicate and how can I help her to recognize that when it's her time in the month, she gets a little more irritated.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: This is what you would work on and how to communicate. Because like you said this is relationship. I guess this is the force that it takes. So what would be a respectful way to communicate with you notice
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To girlfriend.
Adrian Chavez: I don't know what else I could do for her. I actually do everything clean. I watch a kid. I don't think she does is she works like 15 hours out of the week.
Adrian Chavez: I do everything else.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Everything you're saying what you do, you're saying the actions I asked you, What could you
Adrian Chavez: Say,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because that's what's missing.
Adrian Chavez: Over all the time.
Adrian Chavez: Thank make her feel good. I see beautiful every day.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: No, this is
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So the question was, how could you help her to recognize that when it's that time of the month, she gets a little more irritable.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And you want to be able to communicate respectfully during this time so that it doesn't become big issue.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So saying she's beautiful. That helps. But what happens if she communicates to you in her frustration, what could you say to her to help her recognize that your communication together is not healthy. What would you say to her.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm her. Tell me what you would say
Adrian Chavez: As almost Italian
Adrian Chavez: I don't even know what
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I feel
Adrian Chavez: I feel like I'm the only one that's pleasing in all that work in this relationship and
Adrian Chavez: I'm doing everything like
Adrian Chavez: I can even with her son, I'm doing everything she needs to pay more attention to what's going on here.
Adrian Chavez: She just keeps she might be 66 but she needs to start
Adrian Chavez: I feel like she's not paying attention to.
Adrian Chavez: Me and her son, he should maybe that's what it is.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So a way to say
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I feel neglected in this relationship.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I need more time with
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Your son needs more time.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That we get more attention than starting off with the I feel I do everything in this relationship. So you see the difference in those statements, someone says, I feel I do everything in this relationship, the person's going to get defensive
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because those absolute statements like everything. Nothing. Always remember those are trigger words for defense.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because you don't do everything because like you said she worked 15 hours a week.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know she
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Has the house and running.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So she's going to bring that up and because you say, I feel I do everything and her defense what she can go to one or two things. She's going to minimize the things that you do or she's going to throw in your face all the things that she does.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And either way you're going to get upset and that's an argument is going to start
Adrian Chavez: Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So you start with I feel and you don't use always never
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: EVERYTHING YOU DON'T USE THOSE ABSOLUTES
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Right so good that you practice that with me because I was able to get from that is oh you feeling like you want more time with her.
Adrian Chavez: Yeah, she's always asleep. But she sits on
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah yeah
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And it's okay, you know, even in sickness, say, you know, I feel that I need more time with you. I understand you're sick.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But I need more time so I feel I understand. I need
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So even if there's something that you can see that man she sits on my car by you throwing the I understand you said, but I need
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And that you're speaking more towards the feelings versus
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Trying to balance out what you do versus what she does in that you didn't even bring her up, you're talking about everything you need.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then that that gives her an opportunity to to tell you what she can do to meet those needs. So you watch you not able to make those needs or apologize for not meeting those needs and from her response that gives you an idea.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Of how you can navigate this conflict in your relationship.
Adrian Chavez: Thank you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So let's try it again. Let's think of, I feel, fill in the blank if there's anything you want to send about the situation. I understand and i mean i feel i understand i mean
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What is something that's bothering you right now.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Practice with me, so you could find a way to discuss this with your girlfriend.
Adrian Chavez: Right, feel that we would need to spend more time together to understand each other better evening.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Say, Well, what do we need to understand about each other. What would you say
Adrian Chavez: No why you feel
Adrian Chavez: Why we are you so much over buildings.
Adrian Chavez: Yes, is actually living beings.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So I feel
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Our communication can be bad.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I understand this is a hard time right now.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But I need for our communication to get better, so that we can work through these challenges.
Adrian Chavez: Because we're both kind of stress right now she's been will tip to and and I worry about her.
Adrian Chavez: Because she has helped me it is you've got me out of the
Adrian Chavez: Reason why the street.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What is she from
Adrian Chavez: She had
Adrian Chavez: Cancer and they took it out, which they had to take her intestines left her with like a foot and a half the distance and now she's eating. She has colon cancer.
Adrian Chavez: So according back colon cancer came back like heart against and
Adrian Chavez: So,
Adrian Chavez: She's stressing I'm stressed and I had an appointment and I just missed all my appointments and
Adrian Chavez: There's this
Adrian Chavez: Yeah, more nervous about her.
Adrian Chavez: About
Adrian Chavez: That I think about it, it's been a that's been like the last two weeks, three weeks I've been waiting for his appointment.
Adrian Chavez: Tomorrow morning, so I need to try to make me shoot right for her.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You understand that she might be helped counted in a hard time. But this is an opportunity for the I feel I understand.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I feel it's very important for me to make this appointment tomorrow and disabled a lot on your plate right now, but I need to make this planet, very important.
Adrian Chavez: Cuz she's like 19 I have right now.
Adrian Chavez: Yes she does get sick. I mean, it sucks.
Adrian Chavez: But how does she
Adrian Chavez: And they took out the other other cancer like seven years ago.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Did you ever did you ever think you're worried about what might happen with the hell is going to communicate back
Adrian Chavez: Oh yeah, she knows she knows all about
Adrian Chavez: That I am a night out all the time and she knows it.
Adrian Chavez: Because I make sure that she makes her appointments. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: She has she ever expressed to you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: About her house.
Adrian Chavez: Really
Adrian Chavez: Well, there's a couple of times that she's been hospitalized all we've been together and
Adrian Chavez: That's what kind of scared me it up as
Adrian Chavez: She was pretty soon.
Adrian Chavez: So that again.
Adrian Chavez: If something happens, you know, I'll take you over. Yeah.
Adrian Chavez: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How would you get those needs met for yourself.
Adrian Chavez: To do what
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You said you have the court tomorrow disappointment.
Adrian Chavez: Know her appointment.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, I was your appointment. Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To get your, your medication.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm also hearing the trust or either. Maybe the denial helped me to figure it out when it comes to addiction, because in the past you had just the boxing and actually telling you, you don't need to be
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So whereas yet. And when it comes to your recovery.
Adrian Chavez: Nah. She wants me Street and she didn't want me today. I guess to be in control of everything that I do there is like Sean get my script and show given to me as needed. Like if the bottle says one day. It's all I get is one a day if that
Adrian Chavez: But like my Suboxone. Yeah. She'll give me those make
Adrian Chavez: Sure, leave them on the monitor in the morning, look.
Adrian Chavez: Like anything else. I have to wait until
Adrian Chavez: And I think that's not pretty fucked up because she gets her pills and I don't take nothing that varies
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You
Adrian Chavez: Know, she's on pain medication for pain.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Or pain medication. No.
Adrian Chavez: I don't like description like feels
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So what do you think that coming from DC gets control that should give you the one fill that time, or is it that she doesn't trust that you will just take one. What is it,
Adrian Chavez: A little bit of both.
Adrian Chavez: Yeah, it's both.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It's both.
Adrian Chavez: She likes to be in control of everything.
Adrian Chavez: And
Adrian Chavez: Maybe there is a couple of timer so that I did abuse me but maybe like
Adrian Chavez: To have me back to well policy, we're not like three or four, nothing like that. But that was what I was in other pills. I was on Xanax and then that was different. Yeah.
Adrian Chavez: And then I don't know. She takes these shows are just like those
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In the accident.
Adrian Chavez: Yeah, she thinks she said she thinks everything that I get is for addicts, I guess.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So I her mind to to be sober. That means you just quit cold turkey, you don't need the box. You don't need anything.
Adrian Chavez: She bought me lunch she yes she brought me nothing that I got on the Suboxone program with you guys.
Adrian Chavez: On like this. Because if not, I would have ministry. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, so it's hard if she is from the mindset because there are some people that have that mindset that you should have the discipline.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To just quit. You don't need medication just quit stop doing the drugs. And so if she doesn't see that Suboxone is that support to get you to a place of sobriety, then it might be difficult. Have you ever, like kind of told her what the Suboxone is for
Adrian Chavez: The boxing program. Yeah, she knows all that. But she's
Adrian Chavez: She's never been through that. Yeah, she's never had a day without her appeal just been on their purposes for 10 years 12 years just never had to do without it, so she doesn't know what it's like to be
Adrian Chavez: Sick or
Adrian Chavez: I'm sure she didn't have as you buy would
Adrian Chavez: Have to put her on the corner.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, that'd be something
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The tables will turn
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: There's an accurate assessment that to say, and correct me if I'm wrong, that perhaps is not enough conversations about feelings in relationship.
Adrian Chavez: To it again.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Is it is it accurate because based on what you're telling me I'm making an assessment. So I'm if I'm right or wrong is that you and your girlfriend, don't talk enough about feelings.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You guys kind of just talk at each other and not with each other.
Yeah.
Adrian Chavez: Yeah, that's right.
Adrian Chavez: So how do we do that. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I feel I understand, and I need
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because you have a calm voice Adrian. So if you just find the right words say you can be able to say in a non threatening approach.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Never really, you know, again, it's group, but I've never heard you raise your voice, even when you're anxious or frustrated. I can tell by your facial reaction, but not by your tone.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So that's good because a lot of men have that challenge that when they get upset their tone changes and they go, yell.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So if you already have the benefit that you can keep a level tone. You just need the words.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And so, but I feel that I understand, and I need a good and the first time you try it. She may look at you crazy because she's not used to that way of communicating
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: There may be some resistance. But if this is this amazing girlfriend that you talked about she eventually going to catch that need to work on half of you lucky because agents talking to me in a non threatening approach and what he's saying. This actually makes sense.
Adrian Chavez: Yeah, that she needs it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But she may not get it that first time because this will be new for the both of you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So you have opportunity to introduce a new way of communicating in your relationship.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And even if the first time it doesn't go the way that you expect it, you keep doing it because you already know that man, this feels like this might be something. But even when I practice it with you, you, you, I saw something light up like my work. That's a good way to see things
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And right now, you guys don't have that tool of the right way to say thing. It's just like there's a conflict that you can map on a talk, or we're going to argue
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But how about we introduce a better alternative. We're just going to work through the challenges because okay my legal issues are going away to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The financial issues aren't going away tomorrow.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Our health concerns on one with a mile, but we can communicate better so that we can work through these challenges together. So over time, when they're gone. We're still together. We're still a healthy relationship.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because I think you want that.
Adrian Chavez: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: This program came back and you still in love with this girl. It's
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: All about her.
Adrian Chavez: I do she doesn't. She doesn't do it all for me. I do an opportunity, but
Adrian Chavez: I wouldn't be here right now sober.
Adrian Chavez: For somebody asked me a question like clinic.
Adrian Chavez: When's the last time you ever been sober and can you remember a time just just this last year. Last year, maybe just three laps, maybe like three times at
Adrian Chavez: Wayne State for that long. Yeah.
So,
Adrian Chavez: And I have like 30 plus i.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Pay attention to the
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, how long have I been sober. How long has it been
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How want to communicate in this relationship.
Adrian Chavez: Yeah, well, I'll make it work. I just
Adrian Chavez: I needed that little bit of because I would talk to her like in a to her, she would get defensive about me. So, yeah.
Adrian Chavez: I'll practice and how to
Adrian Chavez: reward myself.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Adrian Chavez: Cuz I noticed that too. I do.
Adrian Chavez: And
Adrian Chavez: It does get defensive
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So, what is it, how do you say is that I feel
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You already know how you feel.
Adrian Chavez: I feel better now good ice cream exceeded you
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Love her
Adrian Chavez: Yeah do
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You want this work right you got all this crap going on leash. You want us to be, you know, okay, your relationship.
Adrian Chavez: Everything out and she's known as me going still
Adrian Chavez: Did not I would
Adrian Chavez: I just didn't I was institutionalized for a long time. I just barely got out of that habit.
Adrian Chavez: Now,
Adrian Chavez: I don't know any other team, but being here with her really
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Good that you have a love that makes you feel connected and makes you feel supported
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Maybe start off with that you know that when she gets home you know when there's arguments, when the person comes on, you can be okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: When she gets home.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Maybe not start with the I feel neglected. If you know she very upset.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You seller acting support it.
I feel supported
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I understand you have a lot going on with your life.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But what you give me what I need to give me love
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Right, so that starts on very positive. What is she gonna say after that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: If I want me to go. My husband told me that even if I was mad. I wonder what
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I would have nothing to say muslims on the day
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then maybe later on to tell her. No, I feel we can do better in our communities.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Understand, you have a lot going on right now very stressful.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But I need for us to do and how we talk to each other.
Adrian Chavez: I want to practice that on later she gets up.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: He is a boy. So it's always good to you know have to, you know, just all you need is the words you already have your template you just fill in the blank and you practice it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And remember, stay away from what you do the actions.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because right there. That is long Arden. I do all of this, what do you do
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Never works well.
So,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What about the job. They said, You've been working two days a week.
Adrian Chavez: Yeah, I just been working around Nick here just doing stuff because I went and I bought us a machine to paint houses.
Adrian Chavez: So I've been prepping the house around here.
Adrian Chavez: Um, but yeah. The last couple weeks then at this virus everybody's like all scattered on here too. So I guess the slash couple besides work around the house. We now use that to like advertise because
Adrian Chavez: I know I do a good job on it. So I'll take some pictures and
Adrian Chavez: Because I'm going to take off the all like the
Adrian Chavez: The
Adrian Chavez: The auto paneling because it like rotted out but I'm gonna take off the one that's rather than put new ones and
Adrian Chavez: Take off the tree means and put new ones.
Adrian Chavez: Make it look nice.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Good advertising take pictures you put it on.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Facebook social media, whatever you have gone on to advertise and maybe now, people will take advantage of getting some homework parents
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: stay busy stay busy as they occupied, because if you send the past you relax. You know, the way you prove to your girlfriend that you can be consistent that she doesn't have to be controlling is near respond to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Your responsibility is going to help develop trust and then she doesn't have to be as controlling
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The older my kids get, the less controlling I have to be if they've already proved to me that they're responsible
Adrian Chavez: I guess that's the reason a relationship.
Adrian Chavez: Yeah, you
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: can trust. I don't have to push for all I can tell you from a woman's perspective, you really don't want to control really want to take a break.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But if we feel that we're not in control that is going to go to waste. It's going to mess up and we're going to take it on. But we're going to resent that we had to take it on.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And so that anger and hurt Aaron's irritability might be some resentment for for having to control me
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: give her an opportunity to see that you're responsible and you're trustworthy that she doesn't have to. You might have to remind her. You can trust me, I got this.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And when you say those words, you have to back it up.
Adrian Chavez: Yeah, no I don't, I don't abuse my stuff. I don't think I don't even have
Adrian Chavez: Like an iron everyone
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Just maybe tell her that more often. I'm having a good day. I don't have any pregnancies. I've been sober for however you save the day because now this is helping her to see your progress to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: If you don't see a progress. How can you allow someone else to see
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You can minimize your progress, even in group in the mobile, we say, oh, you showed up. You don't feel good. You like, Well, I'm always here to minimize that you're doing a good job.
Adrian Chavez: Yeah.
Adrian Chavez: I guess I was used to do next.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah so used to the relaxing messing up and you go for cleaning up the mess.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And now here you are. You're working harder to be a better person. I see the difference. You show up to grow you talk, you pay attention. You got the materials want to work want this relationship. You're not just blaming her you're looking at what can I do to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: This is progress.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: happy about that and how privacy it to in a respectful way.
Adrian Chavez: Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You have any questions for me anyway thoughts you want to practice the IPO. I understand me.
Adrian Chavez: Know,
Adrian Chavez: So better now. Good.
Adrian Chavez: Practice.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Good. And then maybe you can teach your son to, you know, be be creating this legacy of good communication. Well, your household
Adrian Chavez: Then
Adrian Chavez: The mind to do something pretty much get it done.
Adrian Chavez: So I guess I'll work on this relationship and
Adrian Chavez: Make it work. Yeah, we can
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And don't be disappointed if when you say she doesn't receive it, or she doesn't pay attention. This is going to be new for her.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: She's probably gonna even look at you crazy, like what is the talking about or, you know, she might receive it. But either way, you keep trying, because I'm telling you it works.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It will
Adrian Chavez: Take a step back to him. Super. She's that because she is sick.
Adrian Chavez: I guess I do expect a lot but
Adrian Chavez: Thank you for
Adrian Chavez: Putting things in place for me.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Thanks for trusting me with those hard to kind of share everything that you're experiencing, but you're in a good place. Because you can reflect, you can see
This must be hard for her.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It's good that you can see that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So I would like to see you again.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In literally every other week. Right.
Yes.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: About march 31
Adrian Chavez: Time.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: For
Look at the time here.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So I can do for 30
Yeah.
Adrian Chavez: Yeah, that's on a Tuesday.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: TUESDAY THE 31st.
Adrian Chavez: Okay, that's good.
Right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Practice Adrian good
Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Good night.
You too.